docs: dynamo readme simplification and hardware requirements cleanup (#1509)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/dynamo_integration/README.md

> ⚠️ **EXPERIMENTAL**: This integration between NeMo Agent toolkit and Dynamo is experimental and under active development. APIs, configurations, and features may change without notice.

> [!WARNING]

> > **This example requires a Linux system with NVIDIA GPUs.** See the [Dynamo Support Matrix](https://docs.nvidia.com/dynamo/archive/0.7.0/reference/support-matrix.html) for full details.

Reviewer: GPUs plural? Or `a Linux system with an NVIDIA GPU`?

Author: can run with a single GPU thanks

# 7. Run evaluation
cd ../../ # NeMo-Agent-Toolkit/
nat eval --config_file examples/dynamo_integration/react_benchmark_agent/configs/eval_config_no_rethinking_full_test.yml

# 8. Visualize results (after evaluation completes)

> # <!-- path-check-skip-next-line -->

Reviewer: This needs to be outside the bash code block, otherwise it will render in the markdown

| **ITL (Inter-Token Latency)** | Time between consecutive tokens |
| **Throughput** | Tokens per second (aggregate and per-request) |

## Troubleshooting and Support

> For troubleshooting common issues, see the [Complete Evaluation Guide - Troubleshooting](react_benchmark_agent/README.md#troubleshooting) section, which covers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting common issues, refer to the [Complete Evaluation Guide - Troubleshooting](react_benchmark_agent/README.md#troubleshooting) section, which covers:
```

- Permission denied errors when downloading datasets
- Tools not executing (hallucinated observations)
- TSQ score always returning 0.0
- Module not found errors
- File path resolution issues
- Recursion limit errors
- Self-evaluation configuration issues
- Dynamo connection errors

> For Dynamo-specific issues, see the [Dynamo Setup Guide - Troubleshooting](../../external/dynamo/README.md#troubleshooting) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Dynamo-specific issues, refer to the [Dynamo Setup Guide - Troubleshooting](../../external/dynamo/README.md#troubleshooting) section.
```
